Q1.) Explain various Access modifiers ?
A1.) i) private : Allows you to access members within current class. 

        ii) public : Allows you to access members in entire application.

        iii) protected : Allows you to access members within current/derived class.

        iv) internal : Allows you to access members within all classes of current namespace.

        v) protected internal : Allows you to access members within all classes of current namspace
            and other namespace derived classes.  


Q2.) Write About Compiling and Execution procedure of .NET Application.
A2.) Step-by-step process of C# code compilation:
         i) Write a C# code.
        ii) Compile the code using a C# compiler.
        iii) Now compiler checks if the code contains an error or not. If no error is found then the compiler move to the next step. 
        iv) After compilation the code is not directly converted into machine level language.For C#,
	 the source code is converted to an intermediate code which is known as Common Intermediate Language (CIL).
        v) After this the  virtual machine component known as Common Language Runtime (CLR) translates the CIL code to machine
	 understandable code or machine instructions. This process is called Just-In-Time (JIT) Compilation.
        vi) Once the C# programs are compiled, they’re physically packaged into Assemblies.
	Assemblies typically have the file extension .exe or .dll.
         vii)Now, the C# compiler returns the output of the given c# code.


Q3.)Write about FileModes, StreamReader,StreamWriter classes in detail? Explain About BinaryReader and BinaryWriter classes also.
A3.) Different FileMode in c# are:
	i) Create : Used to create a new file, if the file exists, it overwrites the contents with new contents.

	ii) CreateNew : Used to create a new file, if the file exists, it throws an exception.

	iii) Open : Used to open existing file. 
	
	iv) OpenOrCreate : Used to open existing file, if the file does not exist, it creates a new file.

	v) Append : Used to add the contents at the end of the file.

	vi) Truncate : Used to delete the contents from the file.

       StreamReader: Used for reading characters from a byte stream.
       StreamWriter: Is used for writing characters to a stream.
       BinaryReader: Reads primitive data from a binary stream.
       BinaryWriter: Writes primitive data in binary format.


Q4.) Write about Abstract classes and Interfaces.  Specify the Main Differences between interfaces and Abstract classes. 
A4.) Abstract Classes - A class, which can be created, but not implemented and instantiated is known as an abstract class. Abstract class
 	contains both abstract and non-abstract methods but abstract methods needs to be overrided mandetorily by the derived class.

        Interface - An interface contains method declaration and the implementation can be done in the corresponding class, 
	you can add more than one interface to the particular class. 

        Difference between interface and abstract classes:
	i) Abstract class contains both declaration and definition part whereas contains only a declaration part.
	ii) Multiple inheritance is not achieved by abstract class whereas multiple inheritance is achieved by interface.
	iii) Abstract class  contain constructor whereas interface does not contain constructor.
	iv) Abstract class can contain static members whereas interface does not contain static members.

Q5) Assume we have a scenario, as Top level management class need not to be inherited to the subclasses.
	 Give a mechanism as how to stop inheriting class? 
A5) In C# you can use the sealed keyword in order to prevent a class from being inherited.


